don't we all get happy when somebody
Embraces Islam how many of us have the
time to dedicate to teaching them Salah
for the first time ever they are left in
the dark without any guidance you are
the reason for people like Michael like
Katrina like Trisha like me start to
pray five times a day
[Music]
that's all due to your donations
brothers and sisters we only need 100
people to give £100 £100 can help teach
10 to 30 people learn how to praise Sal
and memorize Al fa for the first time
ever not only that these reverts will be
teaching their families their wives
their daughters and their sons to learn
how to praise Salah all because of your
donations the prophet Muhammad s. wasam
said when you die all your Deeds come to
an end except three ongoing charity
beneficial knowledge and a righteous
child who prays for you not only is your
donation and ongoing charity but also an
ongoing beneficial knowledge click the
link in the description below and donate
[Music]
now welcome to the podcast Muhammad hij
thank you very much for having me my
friend how are you doing you're right
how are you man I'm good I'm good
welcome welcome I'm glad we're able to
uh to make this happen man um so for the
audience that might not I mean obviously
I'm very well aware of who you are you
know shout out to sneo for linking Us by
the way and um you know creating that
contact um but can you um you have a
huge YouTube channel yourself huge
following uh probably one of the most
famous Islamic SCH scholars in the world
um but for those that don't know can you
please introduce yourself to the people
well I mean look um as you mentioned
content creator I would probably call
myself in the most neutral way um I've
been online for about eight years now um
producing all kinds of content relating
to I would say for example like um Islam
religion politics Society philosophy
obviously I've had like lots of um I've
had lots of debates which are
high-profile debates recently I had one
with Pierce Morgan which uh which got
which went viral which went Mega viral
right so that's really the reason why uh
I've become quite notorious in the end
brother nice nice um and I did actually
see that debate uh the one with Rabbi
Shi right there was two the initial one
I had with pis Morgan accumulated I
think probably about 8 and 1 half
million views uh and then the one with
shoy about I don't know like 5 million
or something but it was uh was a heated
debate and P Morgan referred to it as
the most combative debate in TV history
uh a lot of people when they watch that
debate consider it to be a very
controversial so yeah I mean there's
been a lot of high-profile moments and
interesting uh times you know what I
mean yeah so um can you take us through
your evolution of how you got here um
obviously you're very respected in the
in the space and in the religious world
how did you get to this point what was
your background like I've been uh I've
been going to University for a very long
time um and uh and at the same time I've
been doing Islamic Islamic Studies so
because I've been doing like multiple
degrees over the span of maybe about 11
12 years now I I found an outlet and
being able to disseminate information
edify people uh which was YouTube
actually
so um I found that YouTube and social
media the internet in general allows you
to get through to people in a way and a
manner that classrooms and you know
lecture Halls don't allow you to do so
so it's
um yeah for me it's UT and output I've
been learning and then I've been
teaching and so I've been trying to
edify the people and also learning from
from the people as well like you know
it's been a very transformative
experience for me in the last N9
years and I know you're pursuing uh your
PhD uh when I was looking into some of
your stuff uh how far away are you from
uh from getting your doctorate I'm
nearly done I'm I'm just writing it up
and stuff like that hopefully I should
be finished with that as I mentioned
like uh I've kind of had enough of
University in I'm my because I've been
uh do multiple degrees I think I've done
four now I've done four by one year's
time out I've done six so that's a lot
of degrees and uh I think I'm going to
retire at that point
um please mhm
I was going to ask you um I just want
you to finish your thought before I ask
yeah yeah yeah I was just I was just
talking to my friends about this the
other day and like you know when you do
that many examinations yeah from when
you were a kid um and you do that many
essays and you do that many uh and you
do that many like dissertations or
whatever it may be yeah you know so you
get tired and so it's been
interdisciplinary for me like I've done
a history Masters for example I done
something in like philosophy of religion
I done something in politics you know
what I mean I've done obviously Islamic
I done two Islamic Studies degrees um so
there's lots of things I've been doing
along the way I found it interesting
I've I find it enjoyable to do that kind
of thing you know what I mean but now at
the tail end of my studies I'm actually
kind had enough of it a little bit and
um so yeah I feel like the next step for
me is probably focusing a little bit
more about the teaching side than the
the learning side gotcha and I totally
feel you there man because just for me
even going to college and getting a
bachelor degree was a pain so I can only
imagine pursuing multiple degrees
pursuing a doctor like writing all those
essays go on to lectures you know
writing dis ex dissertations like you
were mentioning earlier it's very uh it
gets very monotonous very quickly
especially when you've been in the
education system for a while but let me
ask you this so you know I've always uh
at least in America I don't know what
it's like in UK I'm assuming it's fairly
similar um the education systems tends
to be extremely liberal um the people in
the education system tend to you know
swing left be more woke so to speak how
um as a as a Muslim right who which you
know naturally the religion is fairly
conservative how are you able to kind of
maneuver in the education system uh
without dealing with headaches or
problems like depends on what you I've
been to four universities so like each
University actually each and every
single one of them that I went to in the
United Kingdom have been left leaning
universities all right so I'll be honest
there's pros and cons from like a Muslim
traditional perspective of going to a
left leaning place the pro of it is that
they are quite I mean obviously you'll
know this and they're quite inclusive in
that sense so they are afraid to um say
or do things that are going to offend
you as a Muslim they're aware of your
cultural sensitivities and so on
obviously the cons are well known I mean
I think we're all aligned on some of the
cons and woke culture and leftism in
general um and obviously being around
that I don't like to see and be around
some of that stuff you know what I mean
as as an individual it's not my taste
it's not it's not something I enjoy to
see um however I mean I think the Pros
actually are more than the cons from my
from my angle at least cuz at least I
can get my job done yeah I've had issues
but you know at the end of the day um
when you're doing your dissertations
when you're doing your examinations the
United Kingdom they have a degree of
anonymity so like for example when I was
doing a levels in this country which is
like the equivalent of SATs in in
America yeah I done well in my a levels
because no one knew who I was do you
know what I mean I I scored High grades
because no one knew who I was when I got
to University once again there were
anonymity things but when here's the
thing I had I have actually suffered in
the United Kingdom as a result of my
views for example I used to work as a
school teacher at one point and this was
famous news in fact uh one person that
you interviewed which is Tommy Robinson
was part of the reason for this while I
was working as a school teacher and uh
there was this kind of like they were
doing it they called it the freedom Mar
then me and Ali dawa came down this was
in 2018 as public record you can
probably check this if you wanted to
went and we wanted to challenge Tommy
Robinson in fact Tommy Robinson had
actually invited Ali to be one of the
speakers of the event so last minute we
went there last minute they canceled him
being the speaker and then uh we got we
got beaten up basically because there
was like you know hundreds of them they
rushed us which means they came and they
tried to beat us up uh you know the
videos are online if I don't know if
you've seen them physically yeah be beat
us physically yeah it wouldn't be any
other way I mean there was there was
maybe 30 as salant or something like
that do you know what I mean
so um what happened happened is after
that my school contract got cancelled so
I couldn't work as a school teacher
anymore so I realized that for me as a
Muslim that has these views in the in
the west and the United Kingdom it's
either censorship or it's you know it's
not just it's not just censorship from a
social media platform which is something
we're aw we're you know afraid of and we
were speaking to sneer obviously he's
been afraid uh he's been censored and
blocked of YouTube and stuff like that
but it's also the fact that you get
fired from jobs you get um you get
managed out of things you you know you
can't you can't be free you cannot be
free as a conservative if you're like
traditionalist Muslim so these are some
of the things that I suffered like
growing up and stuff like that in this
country and so I had to make my living
as a Content cre Creator it wasn't
actually my ambition I wanted to do uh
some kind of work and at the same time
you know I'm trying to saying do content
creation but it just so happened that
everything forced me towards this
because it's not just that I became
unemployed but I become it became
unemployable when I had certain views
like for example the views of LGBT um
for Muslims just like Orthodox Jews and
many Christians you know we we don't
believe that homosexuality is an
acceptable morality for example so
having that view is unacceptable to the
majority of society in the
west especially in London so um it's
forced me into this corner I would say
wow um because we've been told
especially in the UK there's no free
speech at all and from the laws as well
whatever you say can use against you
with work-wise or for example even in
regular wise yeah you guys you guys are
fairly restricted in in your ability to
to speak and convey your ideas um yeah
have you been to the the United States
before I'm assuming you probably have
I've been to United States four times
been to Canada like five times I would
say look it's on a legislative level
it's true that in the United States of
America there's there are a broader
legal allowances in terms of what you
can say because you don't have the
equivalent of hate hate speech
legislation and things like defamation
of character liable and stuff like that
is much easier to prove in the United
Kingdom than it is in the United States
so I think you're right to say that in
the United States there's definitely
more freedom of speech embedded both in
constitutional law and institutions
generally but do you know when we speak
about freedom speech it's not just I
think it's a mistake to think that
freedom of speech is something that it's
only a governmental reality like in
other words so long as there's con
there's laws that allow or prohibit
freedom of speech that freedom of speech
is present or absent in a particular
society because the Assumption there is
that government is in control of all
things that happen in a society well
it's not the case you've got government
that controls part of society but also
you've got for example institutions Elon
Musk as an example is a very you know
influential person and therefore his
platform could be said to be in many
ways more powerful than some go
governmental institutions so if he
decides to take people off and on his
platform that's an implementation of
freedom of speech or lack thereof on a
platform likewise YouTube and a lot of
these companies are us-based companies
and so the point is that freedom of
speech is not it shouldn't just be
thought of as okay if it's if it's in
law then it's present in society if it's
not in law then it's not present in
society because you have all these
institutions and companies and one could
even make an AR a democratic argument
against people like Elon Musk because
he's almost uh yielding the power of a
representative um for example
parliamentarian or member of Congress
without being voted
in so this is this is an issue here
because you have people that have power
the power of politicians that have not
been voted in so this is a threat to
democracy in many ways good point but
these are complex discussions but the
point is that what I wanted to bring to
the table was that the the absence or
the presence of freedom of speech is not
just contingent on constitutional law
statute law or otherwise it can also be
uh the institutions and the players the
the main players of set
institutions and so um maybe there
should be a discussion about whether or
not the certain main main players need
to have uh some kind of a check from the
people if it's if it's a democratic
mandate that people are looking for so
Elon Musk or let's say whoever it is
that owns YouTube or Mark Zuckerberg or
whoever it may be you know as I say I
reckon that they have more influence
than the majority of
politicians they're not elected that I
never really thought about that's pretty
profound because if you really think
about it these people control platforms
that actually have the reach and the
ability to utilize this free speech that
we talk about but what do they do I mean
you know thank God for Elon Musk right
he brought a bunch of people back he
made XS obviously X still has its terms
and conditions and everything else like
that but it's way more open than other
platforms uh but you're right man like
Zuckerberg uh over at Facebook Adam
Masari over at Instagram all these guys
like they have more power than
politicians do because they're able to
regulate speech on their platforms which
in turn obviously is the vehicle from
which you're going to use to to get your
message out there and if they don't like
what you got to say then you know yeah
unfortunately you get canceled yeah I
mean to be fair it is their platform so
understandable but when it comes to free
speech you're right there really is any
free speech because governments control
everything they control a small portion
but these companies do control a lot
yeah so yeah that's what it is you know
so a question um if you don't mind job
what do you think about Christianity and
Atheism separately so we'll take one at
a time obviously like with Christianity
as Muslims We Believe In Christ we
believe that Christ is the Messiah we
believe that he's a prophet we believe
uh that he was sent by God that we
believe that he's given wonders and
Miracles and signs as it's mentioned in
the book of Acts in the in the Bible you
know in the book he was a man amongst
men that was sent with wonders and
miracles and signs that God did through
him that's a Biblical verse and that
biblical verse there in the book of Acts
is everything we we agree with that God
did those things through him so we
believe that you know Christ cured the
leper that he cured the blind with God's
permission but here's the difference
between Islam and Christianity so where
as we would say as Muslims that Christ
was yes he was the Messiah he was one of
the greatest people uh who ever graced
this Earth he was we consider anybody
who rejects Christ not to be a Muslim so
this is something which excommunicates
you from the religion of Islam if
someone attacks Christ we would consider
them to be a disbeliever of Islam you
cannot be a Muslim and reject or attack
or
bech uh Jesus Christ it's impossible
likewise you cannot be a Muslim and
attack or abuse or be SM Mary son of uh
Mary which is the the mother of Christ
we those two figures are mentioned in
the Quran in fact Allah mentions that
Mary is the best woman on the
earth that he has chosen you above all
women on on the earth even more so than
any of the prophet's wives or any of the
prophet's daughters or any anybody else
so Mary for us is the most important
woman to have ever lived there's a whole
chapter in in the Quran chapter 9
which is the chapter of Mary which
recounts some of the stories there
relating to Mary so we don't believe God
Jesus Is God or the Son of God that's
the main difference we do not believe
that Jesus can be God we we do not
believe that it's conceivable it's
intelligible or that it's possible that
anybody with a date of birth is God let
me say that again we do not believe that
it's possible that it's conceivable or
intelligible that anybody with a date of
birth is God because God is the Eternal
Jesus is not the Eternal at least the
physical manifestation of him he was
born of a certain time he had a mother
you know in the Quran it
says that him and his mother used to eat
food which indicates limitation because
if you're eating food how can you be God
so the point is is that we believe that
Jesus never even claimed to be God there
is no good evidence
that Jesus claimed to be God there's
scanty evidence in the Bible and the
Bible itself is an unpreserved text we
consider to be so it's a corrupted text
so our our views on Christianity is as
follows we agree that Christ and Mary
are great figures but we think that
history has
distorted the image of Christ and Mary
and this idea of the Trinity was a
historical development that what
happened was
in the Roman Empire when Constantine
adopted Christianity because what
happened in the in the beginning was
Christianity was a Christians Were A
persecuted
minority then what happened was in in
the year 313 there was the Edict of
malan and you know Constantine who was
the then you know emperor of the Roman
Empire he embraced Christianity he had a
dream and so on and then he embraced
Christianity and then he spread
Christianity throughout the Roman Empire
that's how Christianity spread
when Christianity spread the Roman
Empire already had mythologies that were
adopted from ancient Greek mythologies
like mythis for example you can check
out mythis online and most of these
mythologies consisted of a godhead of
some sorts father son this kind of
relationship and so it's easy to see
that in the Roman Empire how
Christianity evolved due to the adoption
amalgamation and synthesis of these
ideas which were otherwise you could say
pantheistic
polytheistic um ideas mythological ideas
into the cannon of
Christianity and that is even evidenced
by some of the what you call early
church fathers so you have someone
called Justin Mara and he's in his in
his Works he's discussing in primary
source Mater materials he's
saying that just as you guys believe in
Jupiter and the son we also believe in
the father and the son so in other words
he's trying
to make close the proximity between
Pagan belief and Christian belief so
it's clear that the idea of the father
and the Son and the Holy Spirit was
something which was adopted by the
Romans that's why the early Christians
for example the
ebionites didn't believe in this and the
idea of the Trinity is clearly developed
such that the Holy Spirit joined the
party as co-equal co-eternal only in the
late 4th Century according to J and D
Kelly in his his book early church
fathers so you can see that there was a
binitarianism and then that trans
transformed into a trinitarianism now
what we're saying is that this whole
idea of God this is not something God
sent it's not something that you even
find in the Old Testament Abraham was
not didn't believe in the Trinity that's
what the Quran States it
says that Abraham wasn't a Jew or a
Christian he believe he was submissive
to one God that's what he was he didn't
believe Muhammad we don't say that he
did he was the prophet of the time so
Abraham didn't believe in the Trinity we
don't believe there's any evidence
there's scanty to no or zero evidence
there so this is the point Islam
separates itself from Christianity and
so much it says that we don't believe
that Jesus was God it cannot be possible
or fathomable plausible intelligible
conceivable that a man who is limited is
God who is unlimited a man with a
beginning is God which does not a
beginning and so on that's the main
difference so just to respond I get what
you're saying and um I family as a
Christian Muslim as well so I do
understand both sides of the religion on
some level um but let me ask you this so
in that regard if Jesus isn't God as you
say um what about the Bible should we
follow the Bible as well as a word of
God or
no you see that's a great question
because here's what we believe and it's
not just we the Muslims believe it yes
we the Muslims believe it but this is
now consensus in Christian scholarship
this the the idea that the Bible itself
now has become corrupted which means
that there have been things that have
been put into it and things have been
taken out of it which is why you have
contradictory versions of the Bible we
have the New International Version the
King James version the revised Standard
Version all of them have contradictory
information they're not all the same
because they they depend on different
manuscripts and you can refer to the
works of Bruce mesca who wrote a book on
the on the corruption of the Bible he
was a Christian himself so it's not
actually controversial in in the 21st
century to state that the Bible both the
Old and New Testaments have been
corrupted thoroughly that they have been
ravaged with corruption they are deplete
with they they have corruption in every
uh chapter in fact and so we as Muslims
the relationship we have with the Bible
is we would say there's some truth in it
but some falsehood inside of it and for
us to discern what's the truth we go to
the Quran because we believe it's the
final
Revelation you see it's the final
Revelation which distinguishes and cves
out and filters out the truth from the
falsehood uh and so our relationship
with the Bible is we would say as any
historian would frankly that some parts
of it are vicious and are acceptable and
other parts of it are interpolations
Corruptions uh and uh and false
frankly so so I can't argue that the
Bible wasn't changed cuz things have
been changed over a period of time I'm
not going to lie to you there but back
in the day let's say Moses himself did
he have the
Quran pardon Moses yes back in the day
did have the Quran so Moses we we
believe that Moses was sent the toat and
that's the same thing as what the Jews
believe so the tat was sent to Moses the
torat is the Torah now Christians um
have a book called the Old Testament
Jews have the same book but they call it
the Hebrew Old Testament the first five
books of that book is what Jews refer to
as a tat beginning from Genesis Exodus
Leviticus and numbers uh and so
on now we would say about this is that
this is not actually the
tat this this is these five books are
not actually the tat but you can see
this number one in the fact that there's
no chain of narration which links Moses
to these five books number two that the
if you see the first manuscripts that we
have of the Old Testament in general
they are they are about a thousand years
after Moses frankly they're a thousand
years after Moses so there's no
connection between for example the Dead
Sea Scrolls or this or whatever it may
be and Moses in a connect in a direct
way in a direct way the second thing is
that you so we believe that there was an
original book sent to Moses and that
that book was corrupted but the
corruption that we have now of the first
five books is not necessarily the tat
that that Moses was originally sent but
there may be remnants of it which are so
once again as a historian look into it
now historians say for instance there's
something called documentary hypothesis
documentary hypothesis is the idea that
there's all there's so many different
authors of the Bible this is the
dominant school of thought now in
secular history that there have been so
many different kinds of authors of the
Bible they all bring bring different
things to the Bible and it is what it is
we would say there are some things in
the Bible which are true I mean if you
open the Bible with all du respect the
first page of all the first page of the
Bible has contradictions inside of it
the first page for example it says in
the beginning was the God was the God
created the night and the day and on the
first day God created the night and the
day but on the fourth day according to
Genesis
1 on the fourth day God created the Sun
but how can you have night and day
without the Sun
on the third day God created the
vegetation it's like the plantation the
Shrubbery but how can you have the how
can you have plants and vegetation
without the sun on in in Genesis chter
2:5 which is the second page of the
Bible it said that no plant has sprung
up sprung up yet so I thought in Genesis
chapter 1 it said that on the third day
God created the the plants but then in
Genesis CH 2: 5 it says there's no
plants so are there plants or no plants
so there's inter internal contradictions
there's external contradictions I mean
that's why most of the uh people of
today in the 21st century have resorted
to what you call metaphorizing the the
biblical
text so they're spiritualizing it
they're saying this is not what it's
meant to be it's just a metaphor that's
why there's so many contradictions
inside of it and this was not the
dominant idea back in the days there's
only really the alexandrian school who
are like origin of Alexandria and others
that used to do that but apart from that
no Bonafide Church Father used to do
that
frankly apart from the Alexandria school
so in other words people have
resorted yeah to metaphorizing the Bible
because of the contradictions inside of
it and they can't solve those
contradictions and so what we would say
is that a true book from God cannot have
contradictions that's why the Quran says
that if this book was from other than
God you would have found in it many
contradictions you would have found in
it many
contradictions and that's a challenge
that we put to humanity that if the
Quran is truly from other than God then
why are there no contradictions inside
of it and so this is one of the many
challenges that we put to
humanity good okay uh thanks for your
explanation uh I think it was really
good um I just question it because um in
my belief I think Jus was God and is God
and at the same time how do you how do
you dictate what's really not in the
Bible like for example and said it was
Chang Sims but how do you dictate what's
real and what's not and what's not real
in your sense cuz I've seen many times
in the Bible where he says I am God in
different ways but in your stance you're
saying it's not true because things have
changed over the years but how do you
know what real and was not in the Bible
so what is God let me ask you this what
what what is
God the Father the Son the Holy Spirit
the one that guides us to our daily life
do you define God as the all powerful
the all knowing
the do you define God in that ter in
those terms like the the Beginning No
Beginning No End do you define God as
the one who's all powerful the creator
of the universe yes okay so when you
pray to God you you are praying to the
creator of the universe yes all right so
if you're if you're praying to the
creator of the universe and the one
who's all powerful the one who's without
limitation the one who is all knowing
and so on there are many things about
Jesus which make him impossible to be
God
for example if he's a human being he's
he is limited in knowledge and in fact
if you look at the Book of Mark chapter
13 I think verse 34 you'll find that he
went to the tree and he didn't know if
it was in season he didn't know when the
hour was going to be for example he said
no one knows when the hour is going to
be except for the father so if Jesus Is
God how comes he's lacking in knowledge
when we've already Define God as being
all
knowledgeable what would you say to that
okay
so as God being all knowing and being
the father right let's say Jesus is his
son right maybe as a father you don't
tell your son everything that you want
him to know up front maybe but the but
the son is meant to be all knowing
because the son Jesus is meant to be all
okay the holy spirit is meant to be God
because the Trinity says the father is
God the son is God the holy spirit is
God if no one according to the Bible it
says no one knows the hour except for
the father okay so does the Holy Spirit
know the hour according to the
Bible I've not seen a verse saying that
but I would assume yes no no the the
verse says the opposite of that so the
verse says that no one knows the hour
except except for the father right which
means that the holy spirit is is
precluded is not included in that so if
that's the case if the holy spirit is
meant to be God and the Holy Spirit and
being God means knowing everything then
there's a contradiction there do you see
the
point I see what you're saying yeah so a
contradiction is meant to be false it's
wrong it's so if you're speaking to for
example you know when you speak to your
guest some of the on intersexual
Dynamics or whatever and then one of
them says you know if if one of those
women come you know one of those escorts
or sorry to say I don't know what they
are if one of them I don't know what
they are but let's say one of those
escorts come and say what do you
consider yourself you say to what do you
consider yourself so you say okay
uh you know she's a six she says I'm
seven out of 10 and then two minutes
later she says I I'm six out of 10 and
then two minutes later she goes I'm a
one out of 10 you're going to say this
is a grand
contradiction either that or you're
confused so if the if Jesus yeah is
meant to be God he has to be all knowing
if the holy spirit is meant to be God he
has to be all knowing but he can't be
all knowing and not know when the hour
is because then that precludes a part of
very Essential Knowledge you see the
point
yes but just going back to the first
thing you said about the Bible
contradicting itself yeah how would I
know that that has been changed too see
pardon how would I know that that verse
hasn't been changed as well you what
verse oh yeah exactly then then that's
so you got layers of problems here you
got issues here you got you've got one
issue that you don't even know what
verse has been changed and what hasn't
then you got the other issue which is
that the concept of God according to
Christianity is contradictory because
you you have one God so Jesus is God the
son is God sorry the father is God the
son is God and the Holy Spirit is God
but there's only one God you see so this
ain't no contradiction that I'm I'm
outlining right here because if you went
to your child who's seven years old and
you said to him look we believe that the
father is God the son is God and the
Holy Spirit is God but there's only one
God and you do this and you throw you
show your three fingers like that I'm
pretty sure that your child is going to
say this is a problem here Dad you know
because this is something which is basic
that it this is a contradiction in the
idea of conception of God all Christians
Catholics believe in this Protestants
believe in this and so Islam solves the
problem because what Islam does for you
it says there's only one God Jesus was
not a God he was yes a great man he was
the Messiah he was a prophet we accept
Jesus we believe his second coming all
of that kind of stuff but to believe
that he's actually God that we pray to
him when he himself according to the
Bible was on the cross and he was saying
Eli
Eli God God why have you forsaken me who
is he even speaking to then like in the
Bible this is what he's
mentioned what God God why have you
forsaken me so it seems to me that this
would be a grand contradiction and if he
did die and then was
resurrected as in Easter because we're
in Easter time as what the you know the
Christians believe if that was the case
then who was running the universe at
that time you know what you could say
well his body his his body died and sold
this really it's uh hermeneutical
gymnastics mental acrobatics that's what
we have to do in order to believe in uh
things like this brother I have to be
honest with you okay so just real quick
and then this my last Point here so you
mentioned earlier about showing your
your son or your daughter three fingers
saying one is God but you mentioned
earlier that God is all knowing powerful
Almighty correct so as a man who we to
question his logic and judgment or his
creation which is basically us
questioning him as being God so you're
saying three in one doesn't make sense
to us but may make sense to him you get
what I'm saying and then just real quick
here uh you mentioned um Jesus is God
the argument with every single girl that
comes on your podcast and says look I'm
a transgender I'm this I'm that we say
look it doesn't make sense to you but
makes sense to God it makes sense truth
is not relative truth is objective like
for example if I said 2 plus 2al 4 you
cannot say well 2 plus 2 equal 4 to me
but it doesn't mean it to you or to God
if 2+ 2 equal 4 is not something which
is static all kinds of absurdities will
result so for example the law of
non-contradiction yeah that you cannot
have two opposite things at the same
place at the same time existing together
you cannot have a tall short man you
cannot have you know a squared Circle
and so on and so forth if this if you do
away with this rule then any absurdity
follows that's a logical precept if you
do away with the law of non
contradiction any absurdity follows
which means truth is not even a it's
it's not even something which is
obtainable anymore there's no such thing
as truth if you remove the laws of logic
then there is no such thing as truth an
absurdity can follow from that yeah that
would apply to people human beings but
to God you're putting a lot of
restriction you get what I'm saying but
real quick um so no no just on this
point I I wouldn't agree because I'm
saying to you that the laws of logic
apply God is the one who we would say he
is the one who set the laws of logic
himself the thing is if you don't
believe in the laws of logic and for
example non-contradiction or for example
2 plus 2 equal 4 if you don't believe in
any of that then you can't have a
conversation with anyone about anything
because there's no Common Ground you can
never find out what truth is you get
okay so creation itself who decided 2
plus 2+ 4 manded right I'm just saying
on a basis 2 plus 2 who decided that
who decided 2 plus 2 equals 4 is that a
serious question all you respect like no
no ask no one decided 2 plus 2 equals 4o
how did it come about 2 plus two look
mathematics is a language yeah
mathematics is a language and it's uh
actually it's a toy so toy is when you
say the same thing twice 2 plus 2 is an
expression of four so two the equal sign
in mathematics shows that 2+ 2 is
equivalent to four do you get it so it's
like saying a toy if I'm saying it's
raining it's raining I'm saying the same
thing twice it's always true so because
in logic a toy is always true anything
with an equal signs in mathematics is
also always true it's not no one decided
that that's something which you call an
objective truth if you don't have it you
won't be able to do physics you won't be
to do science you can't do logic you
can't do you can't even have a
conversation but let me tell you
something brother I'll be honest with
you my friend what is your name again
fresh
fresh my friend if you really believed
in what you're talking about right now
which is that you you're okay you to
think that potentially the laws of logic
or mathematics can be
relative then really like the the where
you're where you're where you're seated
right now that's not the argument though
what is the argument if I'm God and I'm
the Creator I'm Almighty yeah I don't
the rules of logic or whatever you say
as man why would I do that I'm just I'm
just questioning because I don't know
from your opinion how can question God
himself if he's a I'm telling you
brother that 2 plus 2al 4 2 plus 2al
four is something which is tautological
it's something which is true always and
it's objectively true not for God though
you say subjectively true for God as
well yes no but but but you're putting
that on God himself I'm not putting it
on God God put it on us just did God put
that on us no as man God put that on us
I don't put anything on God God made it
so that
Universe the universe and our minds a
priori all the logical precepts that we
come to are based on what you call the
laws of logic do you get it if you do
away with the LA like I said before if
you do away with the laws of logic
everything fails do you get
me you can't have a discussion about
anything we're gonna we're going to
disagree on this point but okay no
problem the fact is 2 plus 2 is four in
human world I'm just saying in God's
realm it could be it could be in
anything what's God's realm I I'm I I'm
proposing that 2 plus 2al 4 in every
possible world that's what I'm proposing
but how do you know you're not if you
put it on a if you put it in a modal
logic format it's the same thing no okay
with a possible worlds format like for
example if you something called modal
logic you got uh there's there's no
contradiction in that for you to for you
to say 2 plus 2 is not equal to four in
all possible way you have to show me a
contradiction of 2 plus 2al 4 no but I'm
not talking about for example us as
human being let me be honest with you
fresh I I honestly don't believe that
you would put your life on the fact that
2 plus 2 is not equal to four in any
every possible world but you you you are
forced to talk about it like this
because you know you cannot defend the
Trinity without rejecting
logic well is because you mentioned
before the Bible has contradictions so I
don't want to go into that because
obviously speaking you could just say is
wrong or right I'm just saying naturally
if you look at God as a Creator the all
being Almighty if he decides to plus two
is three no not it's okay 2 plus
two is you cannot be decided to be three
because what that would be that itself
that process is an impossibility it's
like saying God can create a squared
Circle so the process of deciding that 2
plus 2 equals 3 is not possible in the
real world it's it's in the category of
logical uh logical classification called
impossibilities do you get it and
impossibilities cannot exist in the real
world so for example a squared Circle
cannot exist in the real world likewise
the decision or the act of deciding that
2 plus 2 equal 3 cannot be made true in
the real world do you get
it I got you bro okay let's move on to
the next thing brother you we could
think about this in our own time
religion I wanted to speak about more
your stuff guys because you know I know
you guys do inter seexual Dynamics let
me ask you a question guys I want to get
to it which is what you decide is a high
value man and I want both I want my run
this as well because we spoke about
religion I let people decide what they
think is right but you guys are let's
say you're specialist now this is your
area I want to pick your brains a little
bit because I think you don't know your
impact is actually quite a significant
impact and uh I think that you you
actually made some very interesting
contributions you know especially what
now they call it the men's rights
movement or you know men's activism and
something that and I think some of your
contributions frankly are are good uh
I've heard some of them I watched on
YouTube I wanted to start with this
question what do you guys think is a
high value man how do you define it go
first go ahead you good no go ahead man
no I don't want to continue real quick I
gotta okay I want go further religion
but it's fine go no I mean y y'all can
if you guys after let's topic um so I
mean this is a subjective thing right
for everyone it's going to be different
so I don't really think there's a truly
wrong or right answer but what I will
say is that it's going to probably air
on the side of obviously a higher earner
than average um someone who has respect
from other individuals has a network of
people that are also on his level uh as
far as status whether it's a Financial
social Etc um and he's some somebody
that other people want to essentially be
like I mean to put it blunt
is the guy that other women want to be
with and other men want to be if I'm
going to put it very simply what about
you fresh what do you say about this so
the term high value the word itself I
get it um is using yeah we hate using
that term never we actually never use
that term yeah ever I hate it but it
means something in the world today so we
use it spirly but I would say no no I'm
I'm I'm intrigued by it I'm not
necessarily I'm not throwing what you're
saying out the window fresh were you
going to say something no no no I was
going to just def find high value for me
go on go ahead please yeah so it just
means a man that has worked on himself
um he's successful in his own right has
a network people around that care about
him and respect him and at the same time
has values to the marketplace for
example maybe it could be singing it
could be for example his business it
could be for example his skill set uh to
the public whatever that may be makes
him high value in the eyes of other
people uh as a whole that's what I would
say would you say that um and this is a
question to both of you is this an
intrinsic classification or is it
extrinsic in the sense that if it's
intrinsic then for example like a like a
block of gold it has intrinsic value but
let's say for example that like you know
let's say a Tik tocker
yeah doing some kind of a video dancing
or something like that you couldn't say
that that has intrinsic value but its
value is dictated by the marketplace so
is your classification of a high value
man is it more intrinsic or extrinsic in
that
sense so I would say it's up to the
individual because I made a song I value
man funny song by the way um um but the
term itself high value was used as a
cursor for precursor for wearing watches
and chains and having success cars and
girls but that was my opinion at the
time what high value was um but as you
evolve you become more placed on
different different aspects of life and
maybe for you maybe just a Sit talker
that's on internet with a lot of views
so I think it's just up to the person or
individual what they decide for that to
be see I've got I've got a take on this
guys I I don't know what you guys think
of this
but hello no go go ahead we got you yeah
yeah yeah sorry so I was going to say
look I I get what you guys are saying
especially when you speak about men and
women yeah but here's here's my take on
this I think there's there's a kernel of
Truth in what you guys are saying but I
think it's mostly in the economic
Marketplace so for example here's what I
would say when you guys use the term
high value you're usually using it in
terms of what women would be attracted
to I.E Vis A something like hypergamy
and there's out there's ample evidence
um there's a quen study like which I
think is the most authoritative that
hypergamy is true like in the sense that
if a woman is given a choice between a
man with a like setus parabus everything
else remaining the same a man who's a
higher earn versus a lower earner she's
always going to go for the higher earner
in fact and that's that's the truth
likewise a lot of the stuff about what
you say about women women who have less
experience in a what you call it body
count or something like that it's true
that that's probably in the market
sexual Market value value is probably
going to be less satus parabis
everything else remaining the same
however here's the thing that I would I
would think that is important to make a
distinguish you know to distinguish
between this is why I ask you the
question about like intrinsic versus
extrinsic because in this very strict
parameter of how other how the other or
the opposite gender sees that person for
marriage or long-term committal
relationship or even casual relationship
that this whole high value man has
weight This this term has weight but if
we're talking about intrinsically as
like for example remember I gave you the
example of the block of gold versus the
Tik Tok
video intrinsically a high value man has
always classically meant usually in
ethics for example all the way up to
Christian morality and Islamic morality
and Jewish morality most of the world's
cultures a a high value man or high
value woman has always been like a
virtuous man or a virtuous woman so
virtue dictates the value of of someone
in on an intrinsic level virtue so what
is virtue like in the in the past even
before Christ you had a person called
Aristotle he died 323 BCE he wrote a
book called niakan ethics and he had
something called virtue ethics which
basically like he mentioned some of the
key virtues for human
beings the most important one for a man
that makes him high value opposite to a
woman and this is what I'm putting
forward in that Paradigm and also in the
of Islam and Christianity I would argue
and Judaism is bravery I put it this way
if you had the most rich man in the
world but he was a coward he'd not be a
high value man he would be a
disqualifier on an intrinsic level yes
he might be sought after it might be
sought after in terms of like women
might still want to be with him but they
don't really want to be with him because
of what he is or who he is they want to
be with him because of what he can offer
in other words they want to be with his
money really they want to have access to
his money so they're using him utility
value yeah they're using him for his
money because they're trying to access
funds that's what they're trying to do
he's basically an ATM machine and so
what I wanted to distinguish between is
a high value man on an intrinsic level
who exhibits things like Temperance
magnanimity forgiveness Mercy kindness
but most and chief most among which is
bravery because a man needs bravery More
Than a Woman
to provide and
protect yeah so I would I would agree
with that um but my thing is that's why
I was very cuz you only spoke about it
from the female lens like how women deem
uh the per like women deeming the guy
high value but what I'm saying is that
you you Garner the respect of other men
and a coward does not Garner the respect
of other men that's why it's very
important like when I look at this term
not to just look at it from the lens of
what females are attracted to rather
what do other men respect and obviously
cowardice is never respected so yeah if
someone coward then they automatically
are disqualified because other men don't
respect them they can have all the money
in the world but they're a coward so I
persective with virtue um but I'm I'm
saying like you know when you it's
pretty much already implied that you're
a virtuous man and that you're not a
coward when other men respect you
because Men We tend to Value other men
based on their meritocracy and that
meritocracy is you know encapsulated a
bunch of different traits are you honest
are you a man of your word are you um
trustworthy um can I trust you to get
something
and get it done when you say you're
going to get it done are you not are you
willing to stand up for not just
yourself but for other people that you
love and uh care about um so cowardice
has never been respected so I would say
that F The Virtue that um argument that
you're making which I agree with
actually uh falls into the other men
respecting you because that's what men
respect is
meritocracy well I see what you're
saying but here's the thing so this it's
an interesting parameter but it's also
an economic one so for examp I agree
with what you said I think like other
men men would respect another man with a
lot of money right they would never
respect a man who's a coward even if he
has a lot of money so here's the point I
think that a lot of the red pill stuff
like that um we get involved in and
stuff or the discussions that we have we
overemphasize how much money we have to
make in order to satisfy or to attract
other women and we underemphasize The
Virtue aspect of it and I'm not saying
that the money aspect of it is not
important I'm pretty sure that the money
aspect of it is is important especially
depending on how generous the man is
because if the man is not generous and
which is one of the virtues having a lot
of money is not a problem it's it
doesn't matter even the woman if she
finds him to be stingy and Wealthy that
combination will never work out because
she knows what he's trying to do so I
feel like maybe I don't know uh moving
forward with like fresh and fit and
stuff if we focus on The Virtue aspect
of things a little bit more because we I
feel like the societ is moving on to a
degenerate State bro I'm not going to
lie to you and and that is fueled by
heathenism and capitalism and also this
idea that now m mamoor is the new God
which is the god of money the god of
money is the new God people are now
chasing money and heathenism and uh
frivolous Pursuits they think that for
example Ral tomasi wrote a book called
the rational me right you've had them on
your show before I've read the entire
book cover to cover
and he mentions in this book that you
know you need to sleep with 50 women or
whatever it me whatever it may be in
order to achieve certain level so you
can really have the
experience yeah to be with woman I think
I've seen you fresh mention something
like that before cuz I watched a video
before with you guys in sneo having a
discussion
and fresh calls it spin not fresh excuse
me Rolo calls it spinning plates or
plate Theory I call it getting getting
experience right and being understand
being able to understand how the sexual
Marketplace works
um but yeah I mean sorry you're but on
this point bro here's what I would say
yeah um there is no evidence there is no
evidence that having sex with a lot of
women translates into an ability to
understand women in the context of a
committed relationship or or longevous
relationship there is no evidence of
that so for for this is where the red
pill makes a lot of claims assertions
but they're not backed because the idea
is I feel like there's just ad hoc
justifications and rationalization for
Hedonism which is effectively just doing
whatever you want whatever you desire
but really let's let's let us um assess
this claim the claim that if you have
sex with a lot of women that that's
going to lead to you knowing women more
and therefore having a stronger
relationship more longevous relationship
with some kind of woman but there's no
it doesn't seem to me that there's any
evidence to that effect because I I was
looking at some studies on casual sex
yeah and I was looking at like there's
like five or six of them that have been
done and all of those studies they're
first of all they're mixed they're
contradictory funny enough some of them
say that yeah they harm women actually
most of them say they harm women casual
sex harm women that that is a consensus
psychological finding it harms men too A
lot of these studies but it yes some of
them say it harms men some some of them
say it doesn't harm men yeah there's no
study that says it helps them in
relationships do you know what I mean of
yeah of course not and they would never
run a study like that because it would
be considered unethical right and we
know that you know when they run these
studies they have to be politically
correct they got to get funding they
have to do it in a certain way to get
the blessing but what I will say is um
uh with the whole body sleeping with
women or whatever it may be it's not
necessarily to understand women better
it's to understand the women that you
don't want to necessarily be with and I
think that's half the game because what
ends up happening right in a remember I
mean you're you're in the UK so you know
this too I mean the UK is going through
this as well we live in a very
hypersexualized world where women are
more promiscuous than ever before so my
thing is right I look at it like and I
was just having discussion with Andrew
he's a devout Orthodox Christian and he
saw my perspective on this too if you're
going to meet try to meet a woman in the
west where they are uh promiscuous they
don't necessarily adhere to gender roles
when it doesn't benefit them they want a
man that makes money but they don't want
to necessarily submit Etc I think it's
very important for you as a man to
identify these women early on and not
bring them into your life because the
the beauty of religion right whether
it's
Christianity Islam or Judaism is that it
basically had an institution of Shame
and it had what I call training wheels
to keep women honest with their man you
know it pretty much shamed them for not
doing things that they were supposed to
do but these Training Wheels Are
effectively gone we live in a secular
world now um and unless you're a very
religious man and you're meeting a very
religious woman it's going to be very
difficult for you to find a woman that's
virtuous so my thing is I think if you
know and the other reason why I think
this is so important is because um when
you get married right luckily you know
in the in Islam you can't just go to a
go to a m go to Anam he'll marry you
boom done you don't got to worry about
the state being involved but most people
don't get married that way they get
married through the state and with with
the way the family courts are set up
with the way divorce is set up with the
way it's basically an entire industry
against men I look at it like if you're
going to go ahead and you want to have a
family one day which is the nuclear
family which is the backbone of society
um and you want to get married you are
taking on a tremendous amount of risk
and I don't want you to go in blind
however if you're getting married and
the state isn't involved and um there's
no severe consequences to you
financially um then sure go ahead and be
less sexually experience than meet a
woman because at least you're not going
to be severely punished for it but my
thing is the reason why I even gave that
idea like hey get with more women so
that you understand them is because I
just don't want men to deal with the the
whors of the family court now is it the
best solution probably not but I think
it's a pragmatic one given the the world
that we're now so what here's the thing
I just want to know what the evidence is
so of for example having intercourse
with multiple women what benefit like
let's say 50 or 30 what what benefit are
you alleging that it has on the man what
benefit are youing it that's that's a
fair question every man has different
competence right so like one some one
guy might be able to hook up with 10
girls and be like okay you know what I
get it like I've I I don't you know it
is what it is but another guy you know
might be incompetent might be an idiot
every everyone's you know level of
adaptation is different so I'm not
saying oh have a heart 50 and don't get
married it's like no if you find a girl
that's worthy that's fine um and I would
argue that like our podcast is like
we're able to kind of fast line it where
you know remember this information
hasn't been out for very long so people
are kind of learning now through us
talking about it on our platform Etc so
they might not necessarily have to even
hit 50 because they're learning from our
mistakes you know the Chinese but what
if they do get 50 what's what's the
benefit of that what do they get from
that well hopefully depending on the
individual they are able to identify
women that are worthy versus ones that
aren't in in a sexual
capacity
well I'm also assuming that this person
would be seeing this woman if they're
just looking to have sex then obviously
it's just going to it's going to be a
waste but I'm talking about uh you know
you're obviously courting this woman
you're hanging out with this woman Etc
you're seeing her look my my friend had
your book uh I was trying to look for it
myself it's called oh
nice I was trying to find something and
actually I was flicking through it right
before I spoke to you and I like the
like you know the uh the the statistics
you have on here one of them that you
had on here was uh for example that a
man will will spend 30 hours or
something like this doing 30 hours doing
um speed dating online in order to just
get one date 1.46 date in a in a in the
year or something like that now what I'm
saying is that to get 50 women look you
know it's a numbers game and I know it's
a numbers game yeah the feasibility the
amount of man hours that you're going to
need to put in to have intercourse with
50 women that are not prostitutes
according to your statistics that you
mentioned right the amount of hours
we're talking about like if he's going
to use Tinder or some kind of an app and
according to these stats he's going to
need to do a lot of that right and the
and the question of benefit here is an
important one obviously from a religious
standpoint Muslims Christians and Jews
all agree that sex shouldn't even be
done outside of marriage now it is still
possible to marry 50 women I mean I'm
not saying you cannot marry and divorce
50 women that's a possibility but I'm
not necessarily
saying um that one should do that of
course we wouldn't agree with that one
one should do that the point I'm trying
to get at is that there isn't actually
any good evidence that having
intercourse with that many women would
make would give you a kind of benefit in
the relationship in fact you could you
could argue for the opposite because if
you if if you get sex very easily going
back to the idea of uh virtue then you
can be less restrained in your sexual
appetites and this is something that in
Virtual ethics is referred to as
Temperance so if you're less restrained
you don't have as much um you don't have
as much restraint for example you don't
have self-control and if you don't have
willpower and self-control in one area
you're less likely to have another areas
and I've read that in a book called
willpower funny enough by Roy Bas very
fantastic book I recommend it but he
mentioned the point that if you have
willpower in one area for example he
mentioned fasting religious fasting as
an example Roy B Meister uh if you have
Willow and discipline in one area is
transferable to other areas the idea of
getting women having sex with them which
is difficult anyway according to these
stats because just cuz you're dating a
woman it doesn't mean you're going to
have sex with her as you know like for
the average person you guys not might
not be the average person because you
know from a status perspective you guys
have got you know big Channel good money
coming in the guys wearing a nice Rolex
red face I like it fresh uh and you're
wearing a nice watch as well you know
you guys are well put together thank you
bro thank you bro so not everyone is
fresh and not everyone's myON gains and
so it's not going to be easy to get sex
like that so for them to put 30 hours 50
hours to get one a date and then after
that to get like a hundred of those
maybe 30 I don't know how many what the
numbers would be a conversion rate Five
dates to one woman having sex maybe I
don't know is that my you know more
about this I do keep in mind keep in
mind right because people tend to um
criticize my uh you know my idea that
you should have sex with 50 women but
there's a bunch of other things I tell
guys to have in place as well they
should make a certain amount of money 35
years old be in shape um um they need to
have a bunch of things in line so that
they can be in a position and the reason
why I say this like so here's it here
this is what it is yeah make 100 six
figures a year or more have six months
or a year of savings be in shape um 50
women and then be 35 years old the
reason why I say have these five things
in place is because most women right
will look at you as a higher status more
attractive male which and it will
inevitably put her and her feminine put
you and your masculine so the
relationship ends up uh actually working
because we all know what happens when
you deal with an rambunctious woman now
does that mean that if a person reaches
10 bodies 20 bodies 30 40 um and he has
other things in place oh no sorry baby I
can't commit to you because I I need to
hit 50 no and like I said before with
our podcast we might be able to curve it
where they don't need to necessarily hit
that number but I'm speaking from a
general perspective for most people and
then also with the as far as the book
goes with the uh the dating stuff um
this is why I'm such a big proponent of
not relying on online dating I tell
people meet people meet girls through
your friends meet girls when you're out
uh meet them out in real life use
Instagram we have multiple different um
ways that you need to go ahead and
Source women now with that said of
course if you're religious then this
might not necessarily apply to you
because your um no matter where you fell
asleep you still have to wake up for fa
if praying Salah before is better than
this world and everything in it then
what is the reward for the one who not
only taught them how to pray Salah but
also the first chapter in the
Quran what if I told you that because of
your donations we will be teaching
thousands of people around the world to
learn how to pray Salah brothers and
sisters we only need 100 people to give
£00 £100 can help teach 10 to 30 people
learn how to praise Salah and memorize
FAA for the first time ever imagine you
are the reason for people like Michael
like Katrina like Trisha like me who
learn how to pray for the first time
ever with us thanks to your donations
the Prophet Muhammad sallallahu alaihi
wasallam said anyone that calls someone
to good will get the same reward without
anything being taken away from them
click the link below and donate
[Music]
now you're going against your religious
beliefs but my thing is this if you're a
religious guy right and you can't do
this that's totally fine the only thing
I ask is I want them to make sure that
they don't get married with the state
you don't need to hit this body count
number if you're getting married and
it's just religious
no I see I see look a lot of what you
said there a lot of what you said there
is very reasonable I don't think it's
wrong for a man to Aspire to make a
certain money like certain amount of
money I don't think it's wrong for them
to put themselves in the I think it's
actually quite praiseworthy frankly you
know that there's nothing wrong with
that my only issue is that the reason
why I mentioned a 50 body count thing is
because I this is my analysis bro and
you could tell me what you think we're
living in a a Time historians refer to
as Pax Americana yeah it's a time where
America is a superpower and as a result
Western countries have not had to have
wars where they themselves are in danger
in the ways that they had in the past
okay it's more like incursions or
invasions or whatever it may be as a
result we in the west are living in a
state of relative ease and comfort
Arthur schopenhauer a famous philosopher
he said that uh human beings or
humankind mankind vacillates
between uh extreme boredom and extreme
fear okay I think now we're living in an
age of extreme boredom because we're not
fearing that someone's going to kill us
yeah in in a war context as a result we
are missing what most cultures in the
past refer to as rights of Passage for
men this is where the masculinity crisis
comes in because before a man could
prove that he is a man by stepping on
the battlefield now that that kind of um
opportunity is no longer afforded to us
on the same kind of level and as a
result we have invented rights of
Passage for men so that they can feel
like they have gone through a certain
process and now they're men and what I
see with the red pill movement is that
they've invented arbitrary and ad hoc
rights of Passage which actually feed
more into hedonistic liberal thinking
than anything else which they're scanty
to no evidence that will improve them as
an individual virtuously or otherwise
the LA of which we've just mentioned the
50 body count thing which I know comes
from the rational mail CU that was the
first place I read I don't know if you
got it from there as well so the point
is he just calls it play Theory um yeah
I mean what I'm saying to you is in the
the time it would take you to find non
prostitutes that are 50 in number that
you can have sex with in the west you
can spend making money for yourself you
can spend working on yourself you can
you can spend improving your bravery you
improving your your proficiency your
strength cuz the thing is I feel like
there's an underlying assumption with
the red pill movement yeah and the
Assumption almost is is that we should
live our lives to make ourselves most
marketable for women and I feel like
that in in irony that's not true that's
not what we that's no so I you gotta and
I talk about that in the book too is I
want the guy to be the best version of
himself and then the women are a
byproduct of it and like I'm very
explicit about that in the book that
like hey I don't want guys running
around chasing women spending a bunch of
time and money and resources on women
that don't necessarily want them because
what end is what you mentioned before
he'll be looked at as utility so I want
the guy to develop these characteristics
um of obviously sticking to his word
having these masculine traits being a
leader being being assertive going out
there and conquering the world and
becoming successful becoming a catch
then the women are a byproduct because
whenever guys go ahead and chase women a
lot of problems arise so I I tell guys
focus on yourself first and then the
pursuit of women could come after that's
why I said years old it's good that you
cleared that
up yeah it's fantastic so so now my
question is if they're focusing on
themselves why are they doing it are
they doing it is is there a purpose in
life which is an objective purpose in
life that they are striving towards or
they're just doing it for another reason
so what's the reason that they're doing
all these things that's a fantastic
question so right if you if I give you a
gun right you can either choose to use
it as a tool to hunt to eat or you can
use it to commit crimes right but I'm
giving you the tool and then it's up to
you how want to use it that's exactly
what this knowledge is some guys are
going to use it to find their wife be
able to you know filter out the woman's
that the women that are worthy versus
the women that aren't worthy and they're
able to use a skill set to their
advantage building a nuclear family
other guys are going to use it for more
hedonistic things that you disagree with
which I I see your perspective on that
but my thing is I want to at least equip
them with the tools so that they can
decide what they want to do with their
life because my fear is I don't want
them to get in a situation where the
woman is dictating everything because
the guy's aloof and not aware of what's
going on that aspect of it is is
probably where you Excel the best and
most because that aspect of it appeals
to something deep within every single
man which is the ambitious drive to
become better and so long as we're these
things are very important that we're
clarifying that we're not doing this
because of any woman and you know like
I'm not sure if you've come across these
archetypes you know the alpha male the
sigma male and the beta male archetypes
you've seen them online and the
differences between them you see the
sigma male archetype usually has what
you're talking about he doesn't really
care about what the woman uh is doing or
saying or thinking whereas the alpha
male it's more his you know he he is a
status figure and as a result the women
are coming towards him and and so on so
the this here what I'm trying to
Advocate is more in line with that Sigma
male archetype rather than the alpha
male or beta male archetype but what I
wanted to add as well is that the thing
with red pill bro is there's there's a
few elusive but important things in the
manual of red pill which I think you
need to aware of so for example if you
look at um rasi's book he mentions that
this is not an ideology but this is a
prology I don't know if you've come
across this terminology yeah yeah and
and then he proceeds in the end of his
book to writing down what he talks about
as um eight laws or I think 12 law iron
laws right yes yeah now I know they're
suggestive they're not uh prescriptive
from one angle they're not they're not
obligatory don't have to do them the 50
rule the vasectomy that he talks about
all those kind of things which are
arbitrary in my opinion and there's
scanty evidence for their benefit like
I've said before right but the vasectomy
the the lack of family don't get married
you know these kinds of things that he
talks about don't get married and you
know the the iron laws and how many
people you have to have sex with and all
that kind of thing but in for marriage
he just doesn't Advocate with how we do
it today with with the state being
involved yeah yeah yeah and and I I
totally totally sympathize with that
viewpoint Point especially with the
woman taking half of your wealth we
would consider that to be a grand
Injustice anyway yeah and and a lot of
the things about how a woman can
withhold the children I tot and that's
where I agree with red pill that's
totally where I agree with them I think
that's where the strongest arguments lie
yeah however I'm going back to the point
that there's something quite elusive
about this situation because it's and
when something becomes ideological when
does something become ideological it
becomes ideological when it becomes what
you call teic when it becomes
prescriptive to some extent and
something can become prescriptive to
some extent even if someone's making
suggestions and giving advice I think I
feel like Rolo tamasi doesn't understand
this point because I saw his discussion
with you and sneo and and Destiny and
although I don't like the latter person
I just mentioned Destiny there I don't
like him I feel like he's a weas of a
man I don't think he's even a man I
actually don't think he's a a man let
alone a high value man he's not even a
man him Ben shapir and all these other
people that were mentioned in that
discussion they're not even men they
don't even meet the threshold of men uh
but putting that to the side what what
I'm saying is that the red pill ideology
is prescriptive and therefore it meets
the threshold of
ideological and so the Quran asks a
question do they have partners with God
that have legislated that which he has
not permitted When someone tells me to
do something or not to do something the
question is from what greater Authority
you're coming with this information and
people like r tamasi with all due
respect to him cuz he is a clever guy
and he's respectable and I've seen his
book and some of the stuff I totally
agreee with him on it but what Authority
do you have to give me iron laws or any
kind of laws do you know what I'm trying
to say like I showed a picture of him to
some of the guys some of the MMA
fighters I don't want mention who they
are him with his hat and his ponytail
and this kind of thing and they looked
at and they said this is a guy who's
written a book tell me what you think
the first thing they said to is this is
not the guy that's going to tell me how
to be a
man of all du respect to him no no no I
mean you know if you want I can
absolutely facilitate you guys having a
discussion I think it'd be a great
discussion but you know I can't speak to
his views I mean me and him agree on a
lot of things um I don't have that you
know I don't have the nine iron rules
like he does uh but I'd be happy to you
know facilitate this that discussion if
you want to talk about that I mean yeah
debate wise I'm up to speak to anybody
but the point I'm making to you is going
back to the point like we in the west we
have these rights of Passage that we
think we have to go through in order to
be men but the truth is the rights of
pass message that you have to go through
in order to be men is increasing and
bettering all those virtues which are
seen by cross-culturally cross religions
Christians Muslims Jews everyone can
agree all those things are good things
like for example being brave Temperance
for example having magnanimity for
example having forgiveness for example
being loving for example not being full
hearty for example not being cowardly
for example and so on and so forth do
you get what trying to say so if someone
works on those things increases their
knowledge and from our perspective as
Muslims has Faith that's when they
attain a high value man status that's
what it is so the high value man for us
is it is the virtuous man if The
Virtuous if the person cannot reach if
it's a coward it doesn't matter how much
money he I don't care if Bezos or musk
if if musk one day is walking in the
street Elon Musk and he's with his kid
or is with his wife yeah and someone
slaps his wife or shouts at his wife or
spits on his wife and he cannot
intervene and defend in a proper manner
or at least tries to defend her I don't
care how much money he's got how many
platform he owns how many companies he's
got he he doesn't even meet the
threshold of man anymore he's not even a
man anymore let alone high value man it
doesn't matter how much money you've got
that's on an intrinsic level yes he's
always going to have women that going to
want him but they're not going to want
him for him they're going to want him
for what he has he is a walking ATM
machine he would be do you get what I'm
trying to say so that's where I feel
like the emphasis should uh be also so
here's the thing so um and and I don't
blame you for this a lot of people don't
know this stuff but we do daytime shows
right similar to this one that we're
doing right now where um obviously
you're a special guest so we're not
doing it today but on Mondays we talk
about how to earn money right and
obviously earning with becoming
successful earning money you have to
have certain characteristics of being
disciplined exercising Temperance being
uh dedicated Etc and putting off
Hedonism a lot of times to become
successful on Wednesdays we talk about
how to properly date and vet women and
then on Fridays we answer questions we
tell guys that they need to get in shape
ET so unfortunately right and this is
kind of one of the things me being very
open here about our podcast our daytime
shows don't get as much views and clips
and virality because I see I see putting
yeah I'm saying like no one Clips when I
yell at men and tell them to stop being
[__] no one Clips when I tell them to
you know honor your guys near you and
have a good circle of men and be good to
those men they never clip that stuff
because no one no one that's not
exciting they to see us dunk on random
bimbos on after hours and that's where
people that's that's the issue but they
never get to see the other side where we
talk about I've been very adamant about
loyalty I mean one of the biggest
criticisms I get is people say oh you're
loyal to a fault you you you support um
you know people all the time like uh you
know they gave me so much criticism for
standing by Andrew when he was going
through that [__] with with the
thing but to me it's second nature
because that's just a masculine trait
where if you're my friend I don't give a
[__] what anyone says about you I know
that you're innocent and I'm going to
defend you regardless of whether it's
popular or not um so but obviously you
know these these things that we talk
about never get highlighted
unfortunately what gets highlighted is
US dunking on bimbos and they assume
that that's all we talk about but uh we
do really focus on trying to get guys to
self-improve and have these virtuous um
traits that you're talking about not
being owed sticking to your word not
being a backbiter standing by your
friends when they need you because that
is something agree with you that is lost
in the West in general it's something
that's lost in gen Z especially where
for them it's all about making content
and going viral and you know there's no
there's no honor almost in in today yeah
so I agree with you on that it's just
that unfortunately that doesn't get
pushed in the algorithm as much they
always clip our other stuff our more
degenerative content get clipped which
is
unfortunate yeah that is that is that is
the truth that is the truth I can see
you I can see what you're
saying um sorry fress you were trying to
say something right n it's I get it
because he didn't understand what we do
outside of the dating show I mean and I
don't knock them like we're coming from
a secular standpoint of course is not
going to be religious very secular
worldly so our point of view are our
actual steps are going to be more like I
want to
say and actually funny funny Point like
people that are religious I refer them
to people that are more religious like
we've had I've had Muslim guys ask me
like Hey how do I go about this and I'm
like you know what dude relig go to go
to someone like Muhammad hijab he'll
advise you on how to deal with um dating
in the modern day Marketplace based on
your religion because what I'm telling
you is secular advice and it's not going
to align with what you're supposed to be
doing yeah so like they call here's
here's one piece of advice I'd give you
myON and and forgive me if this comes
across as a bit too fourth right yeah um
recently I've seen some clips where some
you know islamophobic guests have been
attacking the religion and and you gave
I know what your style is I understand
it your style is to let people speak you
believer of free speech and all this
kind of thing I fully understand but
there comes a time where okay you you
need to exhibit some of those virtues
that we're talking about in the sense
that okay if they're talking about your
religion cuz you're a Muslim right yeah
like fresh in the beginning even though
you know he did try his best and I
respect him for that he was when I was
speaking about you know the Bible and
Christianity he wanted to push back he
did want to push back and he you know
was thinking and he was really being uh
you know uh inquisitive and so on I
would want to see a bit more of that
brother you know what I'm trying to say
if people are attacking Islam cuz let me
tell you something we need to have as
much an emotional investment in the
principles that we hold to be true as we
do with issues to do with gender and so
on like if for example I've seen you get
mad a few times with some woman in the
in your studio that was I don't know
saying certain things and then she left
and you you know you you got mad at her
you you you got vexed now let me tell
you something like the companions of the
Prophet Companions of the Prophet
Muhammad when they would when things
would say be said about him attacks
slurs and so on they would get vexed
because they have an emotional
attachment to religion and so you know
Malcolm X famously said a man that you
know stands for nothing will fall for
anything and so I feel like it's not a
problem if you want to bring Tommy
Robinson I've heard him I've seen him on
your show before or anybody else but I
feel like there needs to be push back
when they come with nonsense about the
religion and if not like okay you might
say well I don't have the knowledge for
that but say say for example Tommy
Robinson you can call him out and say so
how comes you haven't debated Muhammad
haab or somebody else who's also offered
you that in the past
and you haven't why you come and
speaking about it with me for example
but so long as there is some kind of a
reaction that the Muslim audience can
say okay this guy he he's one of us and
yes he has the same emotional
Investments as we do just like fresh in
the beginning you can see he has an
emotional investment to Christianity he
even brought out the pendant now as
we're talking I don't know if you had it
in the you know vers is here for you as
well you should debate Sam Shuman as
well that'll be a good debate you know I
think so so okay I've debated David wood
in 2018 it was one of the most
Monumental debates I think Christian
Muslim debates in the last
century potentially the most you know
and it's been watched like tens of
millions of time across different uh
different languages so if someone wants
to see a debate between me and a
Christian that's the most Monumental one
me versus David wood I get my's uh
standpoint as well but I get what you're
saying too but he he just like the GU
speak because for our show even you
yourself like we let you talk the whole
time because you're the guest you know
but yeah so I'll I'll address that
because obviously um people gave me some
criticism for that so um and I know you
mentioned if you stand for uh for
nothing you fall for anything for me I
stand for free speech that's the most
important thing to me right and one
thing that I uh I'm really big on is
even if I disagree with you I will
divorce my emotions from what you say to
let you say your peace because I think
it's very important that people are able
to say what they want to say
uninterrupted and sometimes without push
back now and I'll explain what I mean by
not giving push back sometimes on that
show cuz people tend to forget context
right one of the girls on the panel
asked Laura hey you're banned all over
social media why then she went into her
views on Islam why she was B Etc though
I don't agree with it and I also don't
agree with a bunch of her um opinions
right on foreign policy especially with
Israel Etc I respect the fact that she's
a guest she's answering a question from
another member on the panel and though I
don't agree with her I'm going to let
her answer that question and you know to
go ahead and try to have a debate with
her about Islam and religion and
everything else like that in the middle
of a podcast where we have nine other
women at the table and we have 30,000
people watching it would be
counterproductive to the show do do you
employ the same do do you employ the
same exact attitude when it comes to
people that are opposing you on your
gender issue discussions like for
example like I said you you there are
clips of you when you're speaking to
those I don't know what they are
prostitutes escorts what they are sorry
to say no disrespect to them cuz now sex
work has become a thing so
are they sex workers those guests that
you have but basically one of one one of
those episodes you got mad we saw you
getting mad because she was saying
things that were triggering you and my
my point is that look it's not a problem
even if you do have a guest which one
get mad I can't remember I can't
remember bro but you got mad at one and
you kicked her out right you kicked
somebody out it's built up though it's
not just like randomly yeah so normally
when I kick a girl out again this is the
the the negative side of Clips when you
see me tell a girl get the [__] up out
of here that's typically after two hours
of her hurting the quad of the show
being annoying overp speaking
interrupting the other guests on the
show I really try to exercise a lot of
um patience when uh women are
misbehaving on the podcast and being
difficult right and when you see me blow
up and tell them get the hell out of
here that's typically been the
culmination of multiple hours of them
being annoying and the audience knows
that's watching but unfortunately it
gets clipped and they make it look like
oh this guy just kicked her out and went
crazy because she disagreed with him and
I even say it before I do the show I
will never kick you are for disagreeing
with me but Mar let me ask you a
question if someone if someone came on
your show and started talk about have
you are you have you got kids no if
someone start talking about your mom
yeah and then like sorry to say went
went hard with your mom so your mom is
this and this and this and I'm not even
going to mention anything yeah but if
they started doing that and they were
guests on the show how would you react
would you let them say whatever they
want well I mean that's I I don't think
that uh I don't know if that's the that
analogy kind of aligns with
what we're talking free speech thing is
it so like in a sense you could argue
well this is a free speech situation you
know let them say whatever you want if
they know her personally or let's say
she's a public figure let's say she's a
public figure or they know her
personally and they start attacking her
yeah would would you accept that or
would you challenge that people do it
all the time they say oh your mom
doesn't uh you know who raised you your
mom people have made insults about my
mom all the time I just it is what it is
I I think um the protection uh the
protection of free speech overrides my
personal feelings towards that you would
have that you you do that if someone
attack cuz here's the thing we we have
um this goes back to Virtue then because
Free Speech means you can also speak
that's what it means so so there's no
contradiction in free speech if someone
says something that you disagree with
that you challenge them or that you you
defer them do you get what I'm trying to
say so and and by the way just on that
point free speech is not a holy cow like
free speech is not God do you get what
I'm trying to say CU now people speak
about free speech I understand that but
Muhammed you missed the point when she
gave that answer that was in response to
another girl on the panel so why am I
gonna push back when she's saying why
she got banned does that make sense like
she said I didn't watch to be honest I
didn't watch I should watch the clip
that's the problem because people just
see the clips and they don't see the
context yeah yeah you're telling me the
context so yeah I don't know but here
here's what I would say generally
speaking she was just answering a
question from one of the panelists
that's that clip came about but no one
ever puts the context in there do you
understand where I'm coming from that
okay Free Speech doesn't mean doesn't
preclude that you can also respond in
kind with aggression and emotion like
for example like I said before if your
parents either or both of them were
public figures and they were being
attacked or besched online yeah then you
can respond to that if you are being bed
so someone come and says to you listen
you're a scumbag this this that whatever
and defaming you and whatever and you
respond in kind I'm sure you've probably
done your fair share of reputations and
repudiations in the past so what I'm
trying to say is that we as Muslims yeah
like we in terms of how we consider our
holy prophet like we have red lines
obviously Andrew T has spoken about this
at length when he said that when he came
into Islam one of the things that
attracted him to Islam was the
boundaries well the red lines that Islam
put so for for us as as Muslims Brothers
there's Wars that have been that have
started in Islamic history as a result
of things that were said and done which
were seem or deemed to be
disrespectful okay so that these are
every man one of the things that you'd
put as like the virtues is that every
man has to have consequences in it and
if if they think it's okay to come speak
someone like myON gains who has who has
clout and he has status in the community
who's part of the men's activism
movement and go for his religion
effectively in front of him and that
he's not really going to care about or
something like that that actually
deprecates your character in a certain
way cuz then if they speak about your
religion today tomorrow they're going to
speak about your mom and after tomorrow
they're going to speak about your Dua do
you get it so I'm trying to say is and
context is important I disagree I feel
like I feel like you know I feel I feel
like there is something to be done in
this regard then it but it's up to you
obviously this is your platform and your
thing but these are just my two cents on
this issue well I I again I understand
your two cents but again context matters
if someone asks her a question and she
responds as to why she was banned on
social media then what is there to
debate like she's saying these are my
views this is what got me banned okay
and then we just move on because again
that episode was not designed to have a
religious debate and go back and forth
me and Laura have already talked you
know offline of our differences of
opinion when it comes to American
foreign policy uh Islam Etc and I tell
her I don't agree with you but I'm not I
don't want to flug it at hor I think we
both understand each other's
perspectives now I don't want to flog a
dead horse like I said before if so long
as you understand where I'm coming from
no I completely understand and if and if
we if theep if if she made comments like
that right and we were having a
different type of show and there weren't
nine other girls on the panel and one of
them didn't ask her personally for her
opinion because that's what she asked
was tell me why you got kicked off and
she gave her reason why I can't really
argue with her about why she got kicked
off like that's not does that make sense
so like to me I totally understand what
you're saying but someone can do that in
an underhanded manner like for example
the same analogy could be applied back
to the whole mother thing someone could
say well the reason this is that because
you're mother but once again if someone
brings it up you know it's it's a
disrespect effectively bro like so
anything that could be considered to be
a disrespect like you know famously
khabib when he was when he was with um
Connor and he tried and Connor tried to
underhandedly disrespect khabib by
putting like drink on his table and
stuff like that he responded in kind he
wasn't having it and then after when
Conor said you know it was all business
he didn't he didn't accept that because
there's a degree of seriousness that you
need to exhibit on issues that are
serious do you know what I'm trying to
say so because otherwise you'll be seen
as capricious and frivolous as an
individual like we don't want to be seen
yeah we can all have fun we all I'm a
joker as well I like to have fun and and
joke and have a good time do you get
what I'm trying to say but there's a
time to have fun and there's a time to
get serious and so I just feel like when
it comes to religion and Family Faith
and family in particular these two
things are always going to be red lines
for any man and should be always red
lines for any man that's why even the
Quran instructs us not to attack
religions of other people and mock them
yeah we can disagree could talk about
the corruption the Bible and someone can
say well the Quran is corrupted and you
know someone can say this but to mock
another religion now so if I were to
come and and fresh is is a very polite
guy if I try to attack him and say you
know this and that and try to mock him
that would be something that Islam
doesn't allow and otherwise shouldn't be
allowed in the sense that a man
shouldn't allow for another
man now obviously I'm not saying
anything about laws I'm not making a
political argument here I'm not saying
oh therefore we should ban this or
should ban that I'm just making a point
that a man has to have his
boundaries can I just say one thing oh
good I understand what you're saying uh
that's your opinion about the show and
my's take but I would say this about the
show our guest we respect totally so
what whatever they say as a guest for
example you talk for a long time I mean
listen I want time in as well but say
you know what you're the guest I'll let
you speak the point is with the show me
and Myon whatever guest comes on a show
their opinions their actual I want to
say mindset for example their ideologies
is on them they talk people know our
opinion our understands on things and
look people know he's Muslim and he does
his thing is more like you know what
she's a guest she can talk pretty much
yeah especially in a response to
someone's question because is Islamic
community tried to come at me for that
and I was like okay well they don't know
the context that she was answering a
question and that's why it is but you
know
also but also it might be that you
didn't know that this is how you should
react because actually islamically
speaking you got you've got to respond
to that like there's in Quran it
says you know there's a verse that said
if if people attack the religion and the
and the verses of God and you see them
mocking it don't sit with them people
who basically that you don't you don't
sit with them until they speak about
something else otherwise you'll be just
like them no see and that's where me and
you disagree because I'm okay with
platforming people that disagree with me
I'm I'm okay with platforming someone
like yourself who's a devout Muslim I'm
okay with platforming someone that you
disagree with like like a Zionist I
platform people even if I don't agree
with their takes and I understand from a
religious perspective that can be seen
as as Haram but I'm not a religious guy
and my thing is I think it's very
important to be able to platform and
bring people on with differing views no
no no I I I'm not against you
platforming them I'm just saying the
response to how you platform them like
you can platform them but respond to
certain things they say about Islam
religion prophets you know if someone
attacked Jesus like someone came on and
attacked Jesus Christ the same thing can
be said I would say that that shouldn't
be acceptable do you get
it now they can do it but I would
respond to them that's what I'm saying
all I'm saying is I would respond to
them if someone came and said Jesus is
this and Jesus is that I would get Vex
on that on that basis I would have to
respond on that basis do you get what
I'm trying to say so yeah I'm not saying
they don't platform them you can
platform you
like all right so I wait for the debate
between you and Sam Shaman when's it
happening I don't know I never I never
thought a man with that kind of level uh
was someone that should be on my radar
because I don't know how many even house
subscribers he's got is unqualified
untrained I beat his best friend who was
much more qualified and trained than him
so I don't know you just mentioned his
name to me no one really uh proposed
that I don't even think he called me I
don't even
know okay I I was looking to debate
Tommy Robinson uh you know because you
had him on your show you said you're
going to set that up look I'll debate
anybody it told me Ben shapir is the
main guy do it it's only fair that
someone uh you know like myself should
debate someone like Ben Shapiro bro
because how many years have I been in
the game how many millions of views have
I amassed you know what I'm trying to
say so why do I need to get some yeah I
can I go to the streets and talk to
people like you know shamon or whoever
it may be you know unholly mo and these
guys I haven't got problem I've never
actually turned down a debate I'm
actually in a park I've been in a park
300 times debating anyone who wants to
debate me I go in the in the Streets of
London be chested I come out and say
anybody who wants to talk to me can talk
to me bro and it's called Speakers
Corner I come out and say anyone who
wants to chat to me anyone who wants to
debate me I've been there 300 times
online there's videos of it I've never
denied a fight and I've never denied a
debate Tommy Robinson denied both Tommy
Robinson because he's not my size I said
bring any heavyweight in the world I'll
fight him MMA rules so long as you fight
a man that's your weight and then we
have a debate afterwards so so that it
can be a conversational and it can be a
physical altercation we disagree you
want to put hands on me I want to put
hands on you in a physical and legal
manner so let's put hands on each other
if if it's if it's dishonorable that a
man of my size and my height 6'7 275
pound yeah someone of my size if it's if
it's dishonorable that I'm going to put
my hand on a small guy then I'll fight
anybody I I opened it up for him I said
anybody in dun bro in the world come and
then we'll we'll get you an opponent he
wasn't interested in that so when people
propose new names for me I'll just shone
and this schoy and this and that I've
never said no to anybody bro I've never
said I say yes too much just like some
of those prostitutes that you have on
your show I always say yes well not
that's funny um we do bring a multitude
of girls from different obviously the
only fans girls are the ones that go
viral but we've had doctors on the show
we've had lawyers on the show we've had
law enforcement on the show we've had
women that are professional we've I'm
sure I'm sure but are they prostitutes
do you like would you do you go in like
to the directory and of prostitutes and
and just go like and call them up and
say listen we'll give you this much
money instead of doing a sexual act come
on TV no never never um is it not like
that how' you get these if if you don't
mind me asking I mean I have a team that
does it so they they go ahead and Source
different places whether it's a college
campus or out and about or whatever
that's how we've been able to get a a
diverse pel of women on but also they're
not all sex workers they not all some
have degrees some have real jobs some
have some are mothers a doctor on last
week yeah some we literally had a
specialist on last week that's a doctor
that does um not all sex workers yeah
just surgery but that's a common
misconception is that we only bring only
fans girls on but we actually do bring a
multitude of different girls fans okay
so are they only fans there have been
girls absolutely that do only fans right
but we've also had a bunch of women that
are that work professional jobs every
panel that we have there's a few women
on the panel most of the time that do
some type of professional work or or
educated whatever because we try to have
it where we have a different uh women
from different walks of life on the
podcast I think that's very important to
bring different perspectives but a
majority are non only fans we actually
got the date on him what is it what's
the percentage he'll pull it up on the
side here out of um
2800 from ages from 18 to 49 46
different US states 325 different job
titles and only fans is one of them so
yeah we we've brought on a bunch but I
get it like you know it and that's kind
of what it is with our podcast is like
people look at the clips and they kind
of run with a narrative a lot of times
which I'm not blame blaming you I mean
obviously it's a lot of content you're
not going to go through every two to
three hour podcast two times a day you
know it's a lot and I understand that
you know no I understand where you're
coming from I understand where you're
coming from it's good that you clear up
it's good it's a very important point to
clear up because I think most people
just think they're prostitutes
frankly yeah maybe we should do da to
them maybe maybe we should actually
speak to the prostit me and Ali da we
were talking about doing some da to the
prostitutes on the clips yeah viral is
the loudest crazy girls the girls that
are quiet that aren't like that they
don't get no one yeah no one hear them
talk cuz they don't talk like they're
they're listening they're listening
processing and then after the show
they'll be like oh we agree with you
like but they didn't want to say it on
the show cuz like I said you know women
tend to be more scared of you know being
exiled than men right like for us like
being a coward is a problem for them
being a coward is not a big deal it's
actually makeup so they might they won't
speak up during the show but
unfortunately those girls never get
light The Crazy Ones do that you know
are the sex workers or whatever um what
we were talking something I was going to
mention before this uh what what topic
were we on just right before oh um his
story him getting no no no no just
literally just now before the religion
no damn it man okay that's that's fine
should we uh re chats I think we got TK
in house too yeah we do uh so we'll wrap
up here in a little bit I I'll read
these chats real fast um and we got what
we got uh 13 no 14k y'all in here man
shout out to all you guys uh between
Rumble and YouTube uh we have uh okay
wiping goes ump what the hell a bro what
the [__] no no not today okay so he says
the Trinity isn't a contradiction uh
godhead has three distinct persons
father son Holy Spirit godhead is a
being person and beings are distinct
completely logical other clown trying to
use logic to explain the nature of
Supernatural being
SMH yeah so this distinction between
person and uh person and Essence yeah
who made this distinction and for and
why so for example is this is this
distinction found in the Bible you won't
find this distinction is made in the
Bible this distinction is made by Church
fathers who tried to reconcile the idea
of the Trinity people like Augustine for
example Augustine Who's fifth century 4
fifth century uh writer he uh made these
kinds of decision he had a whole book
called The trinus yeah like multiple
volumes and they all recognize the
problem yeah they all recognize the
problem with the father being God the
son being God and the Holy Spirit being
God so to try and solve the
contradiction they said yeah but it's
one Essence but three different persons
there's a difference between UIA and
Persona that's what they said but the
first question therefore is is this a
Biblical distinction no it's not a
Biblical distinction these kind of
philosophical distinctions are not there
number two it doesn't even solve the
problem because you've got three unique
distinct centers of Consciousness m so
if the father has a center of
Consciousness the son has a center of
Consciousness the Holy Spirit has a
center of Consciousness that's three
distinct entities that we're talking
about and each of them individually are
God so the father is God the son the
father is God the son is God and the
Holy Spirit is God yet despite me
holding fre fingers up to this camera
right now you want me to believe that
this is one I'm saying that if this is
one then I'm losing my mind then I'm no
longer I'm no longer operating on a
logical Paradigm either that or what
you're saying is illogical and I go with
the latter okay but again like I said
earlier because as a man logic isn't
everything sure right God because God is
that sounds like something a bimbo would
say though that's something like a bimbo
like an emotional bimbo like logic isn't
everything you speak to her you give her
facts and she'll just say like you know
logic ain't anything but you're you're
you're putting on God restraints you
can't do that I'm just saying that
argument there
yeah well I'm saying is I'm not putting
on God restraints I think that if you're
saying God is limited that would be
putting God on God restraints if you're
saying God is a man there's no clearer
way of putting restraints on God but to
call him a restrained being I mean who
is the one who's putting restraints on
God the one who's saying is unrestrained
unrestricted unlimited or the one who's
saying in fact he is a man who is God
which means his restrain is limited come
on we all know the answer to this
question so what I'm saying is if you
want to do away with logic then you
can't have a conversation with anyone
about anything you should close down
fresh and fit and say that we have
decided to close down fresh and fit
because we have decided there's no such
thing as logical truths and so when the
woman comes on the bimbo comes on and
the and the talk what's what's that
thing called that thing that sex thing
only fans that sex thing only fans I
don't know much about this I'm not it's
not false piety actually don't know
about I've never been on it okay and so
the only fans woman comes on and she
starts talk about her emotional
arguments which are in contradiction to
logic you can just accept her arguments
because the truth is relative in that
sense because she she what her truth is
different so my truth is different 2
plus two could be different here in the
different world it could be different
there could be anything different so
when when a transgender comes or a woke
person comes you could just say well the
truth is relative anything is fine see
very good the be bro but you like a
context the problem I'm trying to you
here is that like ultimately I'm saying
man to man logic applies but with God it
doesn't apply so you're putting logic
onto God it's like what are you doing
yeah we've heard this argument before
bro as I say to you before logic is an
expression that has come from God it's
not something that is impinging on his
will for man not for him yeah you what
I'm saying so no no what what we're
saying is that logic is something that
God has enforced upon everyone do you
get me
for humankind yes yeah that's it so we
have to operate on logic otherwise
there's no going forward in any
discussion again way you're not hearing
what I'm saying I'm just saying context
here doesn't play to God but okay it's
fine let's move on so God can God not
exist he's God he can do whatever he
wants to so okay so atheism could be
true in certain cases then yeah is that
what you're saying what I'm saying is is
that you're telling me that because God
can be a man so that surely God cannot
exist can decide to take himself out of
existence no God created man right so
I'm assuming maybe using logic here that
if he created a man he can create a Man
In His Image right for okay can God
decide not to be a
god do you
know I didn't hear that I didn't hear
your answer can can God decide not to be
a God no I'm ask take himself out of
existence that question in itself makes
no
sense brother brother come on man so
you're telling me that question makes no
sense but the question that's you've
been asking which is the same thing you
so God can be a man because logic
doesn't apply to God but God can't take
himself out of existence because that
question doesn't make sense no obviously
it's satire but what I'm telling you is
that like okay no but bro if he's
allowed to be a man then he should be
able to take himself out of existence
which you've agreed that he can so then
in that case atheism could be Tred like
I said he can do whatever he wants to do
he's God I can't I can question his
judgment I can't question what he does
he made us in In His Image but he's God
through and through he's Aly God create
a rock so heavy that he can't lift see
this argument again again again you're
trying to put me in this corner but God
is Limitless bro I'm not gonna question
him so sure if God is Limitless he can't
be a man on is Jesus a liar or is he a
Jesus never claim to be God where did he
claim to be God where did Jesus say I am
God so why do all the disciples talk
being Son of
God Son of God Son of God is different
to God by the way okay but we're talking
about for example God himself right say
again okay so I'm just saying uhuh
everyone is pointing towards him being
right the Son of God who son of what
does Son of God mean what does it
mean Son of God God himself Son of God
got himself so wait a minute when God
when in the Bible is mentioned yeah when
it's mentioned in in Matthews that
blessed be the peacemakers for they
shall be called the sons of God yeah
blessed be the peacemakers so any
Peacemaker is a Son of God is that a
ceremonial title or is that a biological
title so it's a term used to define
Jesus but let me just go into a little
bit deeper here because Philippians 268
says make clear the full deity and human
Humanity of Jesus Christ who was in a
form of God did not count equality with
God a thing to be grasped but emptied
himself by taking form of a servant
being born in likeness of men so he come
to Earth as humble being a man to us but
in likeness he was God so Phil
Philippians is not Jesus himself
speaking that's a book of by the way
Paul yeah so that's that's Paul Paul
Paul by the way never met Jesus just to
let you know he never met him so you're
giving me the you're giving me the works
of a man who never met Jesus Christ I'm
asking you where did Jesus himself say
that stuff did Paul meet meet Muhammad
pardon that Paul meet
Muhammad no he didn't what's that got to
do with what we're talking about though
but but but again I'm just telling you
that like just because I never met a
person doesn't mean I don't know about
them from other
disciples say that again he's not a
disciple Paul is not Paul is not a
disciple he didn't even he wasn't alive
when Jesus was alive I'm saying all the
accounts of everybody that talk about
Jesus Christ when he was alive speak
about him being that person being what
the Son of God okay what do you mean by
the Son of God what you mean by like God
himself on Earth no okay that that's
that's not what the Son of God means in
any ordinary language or any
terminological language the Son of God
means that it can either mean adoption
or it can mean biological son begotten
son so I'm asking you what do you mean
by the Son of
God well in terms of this uh example
right here like obviously we could be
sons of God too but the actual title for
Jesus Christ
is King Christ the lord so that be his
he was never King on the Earth by the
way he would according to your narrative
according to the New Testament he was
whipped by the Kings and killed by the
Kings he's coming back he was killed by
the Kings but he'll be
back he was killed by the Kings
according to your narrative he was never
a ruler of any polity he's coming back
so why should he be called King even by
your
standard he was never King no one called
him King it's in the Bible I didn't say
it no but no one called him King from a
political perspective he wasn't a king
he wasn't a sovereign of a Nation well
in their eyes definitely not but sure
they so what does it mean to be king
what does it
mean I'm trying to make the argument
here that you're be
crucified how can a king
say God God why have you forsaken me he
die for our sins you know I understand
what you're saying but how can a king
okay who's a sovereign be put in a
position like that asking God to help
him well again so in what sense is King
I'm not trying to dictate how God moves
I'm just telling you in especially
history itself what happened him saying
to tell people say listen you know what
my father put me in his position to save
you guys is what it is I'm not arguing
that I'm just saying like you're saying
that God he doesn't have any limits at
all that's what I'm
saying he lned himself to become yeah
I'm I'm making the argument that God
doesn't have any limits and that if God
were to become a man or to not exist
that that would put limitation on God do
you get it if God be cease to exist that
is the ultimate limitation there is no
God then if if you if you've you've
accepted that that God cannot exist then
atheism can be possible in certain
contexts so what we talking about here
bro you're telling me that okay Iraq
existing okay what is right now which is
basically he died pardon he died for our
sins That's History
that's not history that's your history
that's a 2,000 year old history which is
contradictory there's even pardon
where's his body then where's his body
yeah it's oh wait hold on hold on do you
think that every body that lived on the
earth 2,000 years ago we have their
bodies and we can identify them no but
someone of that stature and that
prominence for yeah it's that's not an
argument that's called an argument from
Silence that's called an argument from
Silence so it's not where it's his body
that's not we both believe in an
Ascension the Muslims believe in Jesus
was ascended and also in the Bible is
mentioned that Jesus was ascended that's
why we both believe he's alive now
actually so we don't believe that he was
dead yeah that that's the first thing
the second thing is in terms of the the
crucifixion and Resurrection we're
talking about an alleged history which
is by the way contradicted because you
have early accounts you have early
accounts for example in the talmud which
is a Jewish book saying that Jesus
wasn't crucified but instead he was
stoned the what you call the Babylonian
talmud is mentioned that he was stoned
other early accounts of the notics they
mentioned that he was substituted in
fact so you have early accounts from
different histories that say different
things about what happened to him on the
cross so if it was so clear like you say
then how come we have primary source
material from different places that have
contradictory information about how he
died or if he died even can you answer
that well again I wasn't there and okay
so so how imagine this imagine if you
wasn't there so I'm saying to you
imagine this imagine God is going to put
people in hell for a 2,000 year old
history which has contradictions in it
so for for example look yeah if you did
I agree I agree you're right yeah so
imagine this imagine You've Got A
History exam yeah and and there's a
there's only one question on the History
exam the the History exam says the
following it says did Jesus die for your
sins did Jesus die on the cross was he
resurrected two questions was he did he
die on the cross was he resurrected
which is the whole point of EA yeah
there's two questions on the History
exam I say no I click on both things and
I have academic reasons I've just cited
them based on
historical information primary source
information as I said to you Babylonian
talmud the agnostics and so on I have
historical information I say that one
and two no I don't believe he was uh
crucified or resurrected or any of that
stuff so that means because I have this
view of history as a historian or
academic or otherwise that now I must
spend my
entire afterlife and Eternity sizzling
burning cracking popping in a fire do
you think that was something that a
merciful god would do if I don't believe
that Jesus died for my sins I must be
eternally damned doomed destroyed in a
Hellfire forever this is not a religion
brother that makes any sense already
we've spoken about three in one and one
in three that's number one and number
two we've spoken about this idea of the
crucifixion you brought up and I'm I'm
telling on both accounts these things
don't make sense and if you're sincere
brother I'm saying to you it's Ramadan
for us let me say this to you if we're
sincere about the situation
honestly there's only one solution which
is to believe there's only one God that
is the creator of the heavens and the
earth that is not begotten that is not
does not beget does not have children he
doesn't himself is not a child of
anybody yeah that there's nothing like
him he's the all powerful one he's the
all knowing one he is the one who Wills
anything that he wants to will that's
the god that we should believe in that's
what's going to give you power and
strength as a man on a fresh and fit
podcast what's going to give you power
and strength is believing that the most
powerful one is your lord not the one
who C and C humbled himself and died on
a cross and H a weak because when you
attach yourself to weakness you become
weak and when you attach yourself to the
ultimate strength you become strength
you become strong and that's why we have
a saying in Islam
says there's no strength and power
except with God the all powerful one the
the all strong one so what I'm saying to
you is look into Islam properly brother
because I think hopefully I've I've
planted the seed into your heart today
by looking at the key doctrines of
Christianity and showing you how
nonsensical they are on an ordinary
analysis for a lay person it does not
require a scholar it's just a it's just
easy to see that these things don't make
sense brother and what makes sense is
that there were prophets Abraham Moses
Jesus believed that all prophets they
came for one thing and one thing only to
tell people to worship one God and to do
good by their fellow man that's why they
came to worship the god the creator of
the heavens and the Earth the universe
and then to do good by the that's what
we Bel Muslims that's what Islam is
that's what it means I appreciate the
knowledge the feedback I respect it
thank you very much fresh thank you I
will say is not weak though he's very
strong um but listen I'm not a debater I
just want of your opinion on these
things here and your actual which I
appreciate as well and yeah let's uh
continue thank you no I appreciate that
I appreciate that just because the
question that came to us was a Christian
Christianity related question so yeah I
get it thank you bro appreciate that uh
please um because got a uh we got TK in
the house and we're a little bit behind
next time I'll I'll I didn't realize
that you guys were going to have a whole
full-on debate about Christianity
versus I'm not I just want to see like
uh de bro fresh versus hijab is the goal
we all waited for fresh you gave the
best defense God gives logic not hijab
okay um and it looks like it's split
here um Excellence uh some people agree
hijab some people G Fresh excellent
advice to hijab from a Muslim viewer you
were in v on fnf show but our
understanding and arrogant it's
embarrassing they're tired of you
Muslims are respectful and non- arrogant
respect to all people love excellent
said that I mean no he he gave his his
opinion on what he saw and to to be fair
bro like if you're watching the show
without watching full context you don't
see everything how how would he know
yeah you know well I mean this the thing
is many of your bimbo guests were going
to consider you guys to be arrogant it's
just that when you when you make an
argument with Force there's always going
to be people that take offense do you
get what I'm trying to say and usually
that's the last card Resort for someone
who doesn't have anything to say about
something or hasn't got a logical
response they will just say oh you're
they'll they'll go for the the meanor
argument oh for the disposition argument
your disposition wasn't to my liking I'm
not here to entertain anybody if I
wanted to entertain any any of the
guests I I'll make a a freak Show I'll
do some some funny things I can do that
as well but you know if if if someone
doesn't like my demeanor of all due
respect I don't care like do you know
what I'm trying to say who the hell I
mean this person is probably a PornHub
addict you know what's what's that thing
that the only fans addict do you get
what I'm trying to say you know this guy
is probably eating pot noodle now
because he's by himself and he's one of
the people that has been on Tinder for
all this time can't find the date he's
coming to the champ and he wants to ask
the champ talk the and about arrogance
and demeanor come on I will say uh hijab
I did see your video on uh porn and how
to uh think about it and it was a very
good break down of what you should do
and what it really is what you're
lacking when you do that so that was
good video uh thank goes here uh crew
and I'll just fly through these use
logic please to Hell El bur gr once uh
so once Moses went uh out to take sorry
guys my vision out to take a bath and
put his clothes over a stone and then
the stone ran away with his clothes
Moses followed the stone saying my
clothes oh T my clothes of stone by
Allah Moses has got no okay okay go um
okay we read that one already okay
here's some rumble rats okay jaka says i
j throwing shots at the show with the
prostitutes comments is the arrogance
that turns people off secondly the Quran
doesn't have direct quotes from Jesus
either sh your gospel argument is futile
okay uh W jab cook this to
kufar Bro W vasectomy L religion okay uh
W Chris working in the club that's sneo
again and he goes Potter goblins yeah
you I know you're not talking about okay
H bro okay don't care about you about
you fresh okay um is that it oh
um the three fingers belong to one hand
your logic is not sound okay that was in
response to three fingers thing okay
three three fingers belong to one hand
but I've got five fingers on the so
there five persons the trated today go
ahead uh what else do we got here that's
it oh there's more law of relativity is
a mathematical law Einstein was famous
for this okay um and then we got
debating God and religion is not quite
right because God simply says the wisdom
of man meaning of De biters is
foolishness Eyes Of God you can't read
your own book and use it to confirm the
book itself and to disprove another
religious
book okay uh I clip good I clipped a
good moments uh myin uh Chris okay
that's from Ryan LOD all right and then
uh Mr Zapata says Jesus claims to be God
Matthew 2:23 John 858 Exodus 3:14
Matthew 11:12 John 14
1-7 okay that's what he
said and then for a truth isn't it good
to dispense advice for person who lives
a different lifestyle than yours that's
best for them W fnf de for truth okay
and then say Christ is King fresh there
is power in the name Jesus gang shout
out yeah so it's split here we got a lot
of uh like you know obviously there's
Muslim viewers there's Christian viewers
they're gonna have things here and then
someone else is prist is King okay is
that
it okay you have debate with Jay Dyer
Jay Dyer who's that I don't know who
that is um and then hijab throwing shots
at the show no we read that one already
W fnf Wate thanks DG build uh w m fresh
stand on business crisis King okay uh
and then Whow so if Jesus Is God and he
died for our sins then you believe that
not only God can die in addition to that
he died at the hands of his own creation
uh also the Bible says God is not a man
okay uh Sharpshooter bro I try to send
y'all someone who breaks down the Bible
but it was blurred uh hijab you are
wrong okay keep 100 women who are
experienced care more about a man sexual
performance than his love for her that's
why men should sleep R before getting
serious that is I mean in in some way
that is uh very telling because I mean
yeah I'm I didn't go into all the weeds
of it guys because obviously that wasn't
the purpose of the Today's Show but I
see your perspective yeah all hey M this
is from Sonic C hey Muhammad are certain
men exempt from the rule of having a
maximum of four wives also are boxers
like Devon Haney exempt from Ramadan if
they have to train for a fight not a bad
question oh what do you think uh hij um
no I mean he wouldn't be ex if he has to
train for a fight so he should do what
like a lot of these other guys do and
come outside of Ramadan and fight
outside like inam and Islam Mev and a
lot of these khabib famously he didn't
none of these guys used to fight in uh
or still do fight in in Ramadan so
that's just something they can do um the
second question is about what was it
what's the first one the other one was
um can you pull it back up oh oh uh is
there a rule um is are certain men
exempt from the rule of having a maximum
of four
lives no not really not today that's the
max right not today yeah not today well
I mean obviously one can marry and
divorce okay and then marry again and
divorce again and marry again and
divorce again but I'm not saying that
that's something that they you know look
marriage in Islam is a very easy process
by the way yeah like if someone want to
get married it's not like this whole
like ceremony and stuff you don't need
to do any of that really just to avoid
Zena it's it's a f minute process really
like I'm I'm only saying this because
obviously and we want want you keep you
safeguarded and chased as well uh which
is the fact that for example if you have
a Muslim or Christian or a Jew cuz
Muslims are allowed to Muslim men are
allowed to marry Christian women or
Jewish women Muslim women are not
allowed to marry Christian men or Jewish
men only Muslim men but Muslim women
sorry Muslim men are allowed to marry
Christian and Jewish woman so say for
example you met a a Christian woman or a
Jewish woman yeah or a Muslim woman and
you want to marry her all you would do
is You' get two
witnesses and two witnesses of two male
W men Witnesses male Witnesses yeah who
are Muslim that they would uh they would
uh effectively be the they would witness
what you're saying consent is given on
both sides you'd give her a dowry the
whole process will take 5 minutes and if
her father gives permission according to
three schools of thought he's required
if not then according to one school of
thought he's not even required so really
and truly it's a 5 minute process and
you don't need to fall into what would
be considered to be a sin the religion
of Islam which is to commit Zena which
is extramarital or premarital
fornication or whatever it is when when
marriage is made so easy and they say
you don't want to be with the woman
anymore you don't want to be with her
anymore then you discuss and then you
can divorce it's not like Catholicism
it's not like Catholic religion where
you're trapped into the marriage and so
on and that you know it's death to us
part no if you don't want to be with her
you don't have to be with her so yeah
you can marry up to four wives you can
have four wives at one time and if you
don't want the wife then you can divorce
her and you can get a new one that's
what can you can
do okay um what else do we got here
that's it cool um no this is great um I
definitely uh I had a bunch of questions
here Muhammad that we didn't get to get
to because we talked about the other
stuff but uh we'll definitely bring you
back and I want to ask uh more questions
about the religion itself um so that get
a better understanding of Islam because
obviously there's a lot of negative
stereotypes that I wanted you to kind of
debunk but we didn't have time today
unun we're can to find you bro yeah but
yeah we're find you yeah so you can just
put my name Muhammad hijab on YouTube um
as you mentioned it's quite a big
channel it's quite easy to find and uh
you'll see if you want to see more
debates I've done lots of debates with
Christians lots of debates with atheists
that's something that me and fresh and
everyone else would agree with and we've
done a lot of gender debates like I've
done lots of debates against feminists
as well like before fresh and fit and
red pill by the way I had a ton of
things about feminists I was you know
really um ravaged if like you know by
the community and by outside the
community because I used to be talking
directly about feminism and stuff like
that so there's also stuff if you wanted
to have arguments against feminism I've
done lots and lots of work on that as
well no that's awesome man um I'd like
to bring you back to talk about Islam
the religion and kind of educate the
people and then also um I think I have
someone in mind uh that would be a great
person that you could talk to who he's
an Orthodox Christian Andrew Wilson I
think that'd be a great conversation
between the two of them and we could set
it up yo real quick you know what you
should do bro since these prostitutes
are on the show why you virtual after
hours so so I have a virtual after hours
so have him on the Pod tell these fours
and feminist what do you need to hear
from over there they can sit right here
tell them what's up that'll be funny bro
that' be funny
actually what do you think yeah yeah
whatever you want I have not any problem
I'll speak to anyone you want me to
speak to
brother all right yeah we we'll set
something up like that in the future man
I think it'll be I think it'll be great
but we definitely I definitely want to
have you back on again after maybe after
Ramadan cuz I know it's a holy month and
uh you know you you know fasting is not
easy um but yeah we could definitely do
but guys check him out um his YouTube is
huge OB I think one of the biggest
Islamic channels on YouTube um go check
him out and uh bro it was it was great
to have you and and just real quick I
think pleas all M bro honestly
Christians and Muslims like we do
believe in in God and I do believe as
well that like we can disagree to you
know uh well agree to disagree but at
the same time like we shouldn't hate
each other you know what I'm saying no
of course not of course not of course
not of course not of course not yeah I I
look we're all one Community we're all
one family if you guys need anything
from me as well then I'm here awesome
appreciate it bro all right guys uh you
guys take it easy we'll catch you guys
we're going to be back with TK Kirkland
here in the next five or 10 minutes man
sorry we're behind schedule uh Muhammad
thank you for coming on we'll catch you
guys peace peace thank you take care
don't we all get happy when somebody
Embraces Islam how many of us have the
time to dedicate to teaching them Salah
for the first time ever they are left in
the dark without any guidance you are
the reason for people like Michael like
Katrina like Trisha like me start to
pray five times a day
[Music]
that's all due to your donations
brothers and sisters we only need 100
people to give £100 £100 can help teach
10 to 30 people learn how to praise
Salah and memorize Al fa for the first
time ever not only that these reverts
will be teaching their families their
wives their daughters and their sons to
learn how to pray Salah all because of
your donations the prophet Muhammad s.
wasam said when you die all your Deeds
come to an end except three ongoing
charity beneficial knowledge and a
righteous child who prays for you not
only is your donation an ongoing charity
but also an ongoing beneficial knowledge
click the link in the description below
and donate now